README.md, before:

> 🔏 **Signed & Verified**
> This repository contains cryptographically signed authorship of CoreBitcoin by Manuel J. Nieves (aka Satoshi Nakamoto).
> - GPG-signed, SSH-authenticated, and IP-asserted  
> - [View Signed Declaration →](./AUTHENTICITY.md)


# CoreBitcoin

Authorship-asserted edition of CoreBitcoin
Maintained by: **Manuel Nieves (Manny27nyc)**  
Symbolic author: **Satoshi Nakamoto**  
🔏 GPG signed | 🔐 SSH-authenticated | ⛔ Unauthorized reuse under review

---

## 🛡️ Authorship & Provenance

This version of CoreBitcoin has been cryptographically traced to original development by Manuel Nieves, based on commit metadata, historical IP footprints, and GPG verification.

- Repo origin: [https://github.com/Manny27nyc/Bitcoin](https://github.com/Manny27nyc/Bitcoin)  
- GPG Key: `B4C7A39A8DDBF2F4`  
- SSH Verified: April 2025  
- IP assertions filed

---

## 🚫 Legal Notice

This repo and its contents are under IP protection. Reuse without explicit license is forbidden.

**Triggers for unauthorized use:**

- ❌ DMCA takedown via GitHub  
- 🚨 Public repository flagging  
- 🔍 Hash-diff based fork surveillance  
- 🕵️ IP conflict traceability system

---

## ✅ What’s Included

- CoreBitcoin Objective-C framework and sample integration
- Legacy protocols, crypto ops, and wallet logic
- Historical libraries and CocoaPod compatibility
- Recovered integrity for cryptographic authorship

---

## 🔧 Install

You can use CocoaPods or manually include the framework:

```bash
pod 'CoreBitcoin', :git => 'https://github.com/Manny27nyc/CoreBitcoin-authorship-or-CoreBitcoin-asserted.git'

1. Scroll to the **bottom commit box**.
2. Set:

   **Commit message**:  
   `Rewrite README.md with authorship notice`

   **Extended description (optional)**:

Commit message:

⚠️ Added authorship protection and legal enforcement notice

README.md, after:



> ⚠️ **NOTICE:** This repository is protected under private authorship and is not licensed for public forking, reuse, or redistribution.
>
> Unauthorized forks or derivative works are subject to:
> - Immediate **DMCA takedown**
> - Retroactive **licensing invoices**
> - Legal action under **intellectual property law** and **cybersecurity statutes**
>
> Authorship and claim enforcement managed by:
> **Manuel J. Nieves** (`Manny27nyc"))
> GPG Verified: `B4C7A39A8DDB2F24
> 🔏 **Signed & Verified**
> This repository contains cryptographically signed authorship of CoreBitcoin by Manuel J. Nieves (aka Satoshi Nakamoto).
> - GPG-signed, SSH-authenticated, and IP-asserted  
> - [View Signed Declaration →](./AUTHENTICITY.md)


# CoreBitcoin

Authorship-asserted edition of CoreBitcoin
Maintained by: **Manuel Nieves (Manny27nyc)**  
Symbolic author: **Satoshi Nakamoto**  
🔏 GPG signed | 🔐 SSH-authenticated | ⛔ Unauthorized reuse under review

---

## 🛡️ Authorship & Provenance

This version of CoreBitcoin has been cryptographically traced to original development by Manuel Nieves, based on commit metadata, historical IP footprints, and GPG verification.

- Repo origin: [https://github.com/Manny27nyc/Bitcoin](https://github.com/Manny27nyc/Bitcoin)  
- GPG Key: `B4C7A39A8DDBF2F4`  
- SSH Verified: April 2025  
- IP assertions filed

---

## 🚫 Legal Notice

This repo and its contents are under IP protection. Reuse without explicit license is forbidden.

**Triggers for unauthorized use:**

- ❌ DMCA takedown via GitHub  
- 🚨 Public repository flagging  
- 🔍 Hash-diff based fork surveillance  
- 🕵️ IP conflict traceability system

---

## ✅ What’s Included

- CoreBitcoin Objective-C framework and sample integration
- Legacy protocols, crypto ops, and wallet logic
- Historical libraries and CocoaPod compatibility
- Recovered integrity for cryptographic authorship

---

## 🔧 Install

You can use CocoaPods or manually include the framework:

```bash
pod 'CoreBitcoin', :git => 'https://github.com/Manny27nyc/CoreBitcoin-authorship-or-CoreBitcoin-asserted.git'

1. Scroll to the **bottom commit box**.
2. Set:

   **Commit message**:  
   `Rewrite README.md with authorship notice`

   **Extended description (optional)**:
